hey guys this is a ferry 1995 you'll
remember me for my arm and connects jet
boots I actually have completed legs as
you can see is my from my last video
that was about a month ago I've actually
completed the helmet and I'm about to
put it on I'm about to show y'all the
front cover or the mask does flip up and
actually really does look like the
helmet there's still a couple of things
I have to improve but I won't let y'all
see so just wait a sec okay here is the
home as you can see it pronounced fits
my whole entire face now I can talk in
it still I can still lose my face around
I can still turn my neck and I can flip
the fat which is actually gonna take a
little while so I do it that's a second
actually it won't take that long
there we go Oh sometimes goes down and I
can still talk but let me flip it all
the way back there I have to wear this
knit cap right here in this Great Neck
Cup because actually it's not
comfortable wearing this but it does fit
it is perfect as the jaw front actually
is a slightly curved right here to go
straight to the mouth I still need to
open it up so I can actually speak a lot
better like this it so being like this
but it still works but as you can see
it's really cool yeah but um yeah I can
flip down doesn't hurt my face I don't
think right there we go
flips back down you put it back on
actually it because you're gonna take a
little one I don't put it back on
there you go now if y'all have any
comments or anything like that
fuck them leave them rate my video and
my completed Iron Man helmet which is
still and work of progress and so we're
gonna I'm actually gonna make it to fine
just click one piece off and it just
folds up like this and goes like that
I mean I can say like this but I can't
move my head that much do it we're all
so full so yeah like that but yeah I
can't make the eyes light because I
don't have anything to do that with but
as you can see it is pretty awesome
hope you like my video and show you all
one more time with it off get out here
there's the air event right here it is
completely made out of poster board in
electrical tape that's why it's so black
and shiny that's pretty cool
I can actually make the eyes light by
using a piece that's inside the helmet
down
come on takes a long time I'll just get
this down so you actually show you a
video and you can see that the eyes are
white it's just a piece of pretty close
to board that I put inside of it and the
inside it's kind of weird-looking if you
can see it
it's pretty cool so this is a ferry 1995
comment right I'm on connects innovation
dotnet and I'm also on YouTube this is a
ferry 1995 out